1)Hamming Distance
The Hamming distance between two integers is the number of positions at which the corresponding bits are different.
Given two integers x and y, calculate the Hamming distance.

2)Single Number
Given an array of integers, every element appears twice except for one. Find that single one.
Note:Your algorithm should have a linear runtime complexity. Could you implement it without using extra memory?

3)Delete Node in a Linked List
Write a function to delete a node (except the tail) in a singly linked list, given only access to that node.
Supposed the linked list is 1 -> 2 -> 3 -> 4 and you are given the third node with value 3, the linked list should become 1 -> 2 -> 4 after calling your function.

4)Maximum Depth of Binary Tree
Given a binary tree, find its maximum depth.
The maximum depth is the number of nodes along the longest path from the root node down to the farthest leaf node.

5)Minimum Depth of Binary Tree
Given a binary tree, find its minimum depth.
The minimum depth is the number of nodes along the shortest path from the root node down to the nearest leaf node.

6)Binary Tree Level Order Traversal I
Given a binary tree, return the level order traversal of its nodes' values. (ie, from left to right, level by level).
For example:Given binary tree [3,9,20,null,null,15,7],
[
  [3],
  [9,20],
  [15,7]
]

7)Binary Tree Level Order Traversal II
Given a binary tree, return the bottom-up level order traversal of its nodes' values. (ie, from left to right, level by level from leaf to root).
For example:Given binary tree [3,9,20,null,null,15,7],
[
  [15,7],
  [9,20],
  [3]
]

8) Invert a binary tree.

9) Same Tree
Given two binary trees, write a function to check if they are equal or not.
Two binary trees are considered equal if they are structurally identical and the nodes have the same value.

10)Path Sum
Given a binary tree and a sum, determine if the tree has a root-to-leaf path such that adding up all the values along the path equals the given sum.

11)Ransom Note
Given an arbitrary ransom note string and another string containing letters from all the magazines, write a function that will return true if the ransom note can be constructed from the magazines ; otherwise, it will return false.
Each letter in the magazine string can only be used once in your ransom note.

12)Third Maximum Number
Given a non-empty array of integers, return the third maximum number in this array. If it does not exist, return the maximum number. The time complexity must be in O(n).
Input: [2, 2, 3, 1]
Output: 1
Explanation: Note that the third maximum here means the third maximum distinct number.
Both numbers with value 2 are both considered as second maximum.

Input: [1, 2]
Output: 2
Explanation: The third maximum does not exist, so the maximum (2) is returned instead.

Input: [3, 2, 1]
Output: 1
Explanation: The third maximum is 1.

13)Two Sum
Given an array of integers, return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to a specific target.
You may assume that each input would have exactly one solution.

14)Contains Duplicate II
Given an array of integers and an integer k, find out whether there are two distinct indices i and j in the array such that nums[i] = nums[j] and the difference between i and j is at most k.

15)Best Time to Buy and Sell Stock
Say you have an array for which the ith element is the price of a given stock on day i.
If you were only permitted to complete at most one transaction (ie, buy one and sell one share of the stock), design an algorithm to find the maximum profit.
Input: [7, 1, 5, 3, 6, 4]
Output: 5

16) Remove Element
Given an array and a value, remove all instances of that value in place and return the new length.
Do not allocate extra space for another array, you must do this in place with constant memory.
The order of elements can be changed. It doesn't matter what you leave beyond the new length.

17) Move Zeroes
Given an array nums, write a function to move all 0's to the end of it while maintaining the relative order of the non-zero elements.
For example, given nums = [0, 1, 0, 3, 12], after calling your function, nums should be [1, 3, 12, 0, 0].
You must do this in-place without making a copy of the array.
Minimize the total number of operations.

18)
Given two sorted integer arrays nums1 and nums2, merge nums2 into nums1 as one sorted array.
Note:
You may assume that nums1 has enough space (size that is greater or equal to m + n) to hold additional elements from nums2. The number of elements initialized in nums1 and nums2 are m and n respectively.

19)Reverse Array

20)  Two Sum II - Input array is sorted
Given an array of integers that is already sorted in ascending order, find two numbers such that they add up to a specific target number.
The function twoSum should return indices of the two numbers such that they add up to the target, where index1 must be less than index2. Please note that your returned answers (both index1 and index2) are not zero-based.

21) Intersection of Two Arrays
Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.
Each element in the result must be unique. The result can be in any order.

22)Intersection of Two Arrays II
Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.
Example:
Given nums1 = [1, 2, 2, 1], nums2 = [2, 2], return [2, 2].
Note:
Each element in the result should appear as many times as it shows in both arrays.
The result can be in any order.
Follow up:
What if the given array is already sorted? How would you optimize your algorithm?
What if nums1's size is small compared to nums2's size? Which algorithm is better?
What if elements of nums2 are stored on disk, and the memory is limited such that you cannot load all elements into the memory at once?

23)Intersection of Two Arrays II
Given two arrays, write a function to compute their intersection.
Example:
Given nums1 = [1, 2, 2, 1], nums2 = [2, 2], return [2, 2].
Note:
Each element in the result should appear as many times as it shows in both arrays.
The result can be in any order.
Follow up:
What if the given array is already sorted? How would you optimize your algorithm?
What if nums1's size is small compared to nums2's size? Which algorithm is better?
What if elements of nums2 are stored on disk, and the memory is limited such that you cannot load all elements into the memory at once?

24)Valid Anagram
Given two strings s and t, write a function to determine if t is an anagram of s.
For example,
s = "anagram", t = "nagaram", return true.
s = "rat", t = "car", return false.

25)Count Primes
Description:
Count the number of prime numbers less than a non-negative number, n.

26)  Ugly Number
Write a program to check whether a given number is an ugly number.
Ugly numbers are positive numbers whose prime factors only include 2, 3, 5. For example, 6, 8 are ugly while 14 is not ugly since it includes another prime factor 7.
Note that 1 is typically treated as an ugly number.

27)Longest Palindrome
Given a string which consists of lowercase or uppercase letters, find the length of the longest palindromes that can be built with those letters.
This is case sensitive, for example "Aa" is not considered a palindrome here.

28) Isomorphic Strings
Given two strings s and t, determine if they are isomorphic.
Two strings are isomorphic if the characters in s can be replaced to get t.
All occurrences of a character must be replaced with another character while preserving the order of characters. No two characters may map to the same character but a character may map to itself.
For example,
Given "egg", "add", return true.
Given "foo", "bar", return false.
Given "paper", "title", return true.

29) Linked List Cycle
Given a linked list, determine if it has a cycle in it.
Can you solve it without using extra space?






